Using Artelys Knitro with MATLAB(R)
-----------------------------------

This directory contains example code illustrating how to call Artelys Knitro 
from the MATLAB language using the "knitromatlab" interface.

NOTE: The interface provided in this directory replaces the old Knitro "ktrlink"
      interface provided by The Mathworks, Inc. (R) and used by previous 
      versions of Knitro. 

Interface Files
---------------

The following files are files needed to use the Knitro-MATLAB interface.  They 
must be in the directory in which you run your model (or some other special
directory that automatically searches for MATLAB files).

knitromatlab_mex.mexa64  The Knitro-MATLAB Mex interface file.

knitromatlab.m           This function implements the Knitro-MATLAB API for
                         continuous models (e.g. LP, QP, NLP).  Please see 
                         "exampleNLP*.m", "exampleLP1.m" and "exampleQP1.m" for
                         examples of using this function.

knitromatlab_mip.m       This function implements the Knitro-MATLAB API for
                         models with integer or binary variables (e.g. MIP).  
		         Please see "exampleMINLP1.m" for an example of using this 
                         function.

knitromatlab_lsqnonlin.m This function implements the Knitro-MATLAB API for
                         nonlinear least squares models.  Please see 
                         "exampleLSQ1.m" for an example of using this function.

knitromatlab_fsolve.m    This function implements the Knitro-MATLAB API for
                         nonlinear systems of equations.  Please see 
                         "exampleNLEQ1.m" for an example of using this function.

knitrolink.m             This file is provided for backwards compatibility with
                         the old "ktrlink" interface, but does not support all
                         the functionality of the new "knitromatlab" interface.
                         It is provided as a convenience, but users should use the
                         new "knitromatlab"/"knitromatlab_mip" interfaces described 
                         above.

Test/Example Files
------------------

The files provided below are test examples provided for testing the Knitro-Matlab
interface.

exampleNLP1.m         A MATLAB example code illustrating how to solve a
                      small nonlinear optimization model using the Knitro 
                      Mex interface.

exampleNLP2.m         Same as exampleNLP1.m, but uses "extendedFeatures"
                      argument instead of optimset to provide the Jacobian
                      sparsity pattern and Hessian information.

exampleQP1.m          A MATLAB example code illustrating how to solve a
                      small quadratic programming (QP) model using the Knitro 
                      Mex interface.

exampleLP1.m          A MATLAB example code illustrating how to solve a
                      small linear programming (LP) model using the Knitro 
                      Mex interface.

exampleMINLP1.m       A MATLAB example code illustrating how to solve a
                      small mixed-integer nonlinear model using the Knitro 
                      Mex interface.

exampleMPEC1.m        A MATLAB example code illustrating how to solve a
                      small model with complementarity constraints using the 
                      Knitro Mex interface.

exampleLSQ1.m         A MATLAB example code illustrating how to solve a
                      small nonlinear least squares model using the 
                      Knitro Mex interface.

exampleNLEQ1.m        A MATLAB example code illustrating how to solve a
                      nonlinear system of equations using the Knitro Mex 
                      interface.

nlpoptions.opt        A sample Knitro input file of user options that are
                      used with the exampleNLP1.m test model.
                      Contents can be modified using any text-based editor. The
                      file can be passed as the last parameter to "knitromatlab".

nlp2options.opt       A sample Knitro input file of user options that are
                      used with the exampleNLP2.m test model.
                      Contents can be modified using any text-based editor. The
                      file can be passed as the last parameter to "knitromatlab".

qpoptions.opt         A sample Knitro input file of user options that are
                      often ideal for quadratic programming (QP) models.
                      Contents can be modified using any text-based editor. The
                      file can be passed as the last parameter to "knitromatlab".

lpoptions.opt         A sample Knitro input file of user options that are
                      often ideal for linear programming (LP) models.
                      Contents can be modified using any text-based editor. The
                      file can be passed as the last parameter to "knitromatlab".


mipoptions.opt        A sample Knitro input file of user options that are
                      used with the exampleMINLP1.m test model.
                      Contents can be modified using any text-based editor. The
                      file can be passed as the last parameter to "knitromatlab_mip".

knitro.opt            A sample Knitro input file of user options that details all
                      the Knitro options available.

